Closes #2262: Allowing users to specify arbitrary CLI arguments for Ansible-based operators (#3374)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/ansible/reference/advanced_options.md

    served: true
    storage: true
```

## Passing Arbitrary Arguments to Ansible

> Users can specify an arbitrary command-line argument to the ```operator-sdk exec-entrypoint``` and ```run --local``` subcommands for Ansible-based Operators via the ```ansible-args``` flag.

Reviewer: we removed the exec-entrypoint https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/3331. So, it could be made from the new ansible binary that will be provide `ansible-operator run`

> Users can specify an arbitrary command-line argument to the ```operator-sdk exec-entrypoint``` and ```run --local``` subcommands for Ansible-based Operators via the ```ansible-args``` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to use the flag `--ansible-args` to pass an arbitrary argument to the Ansible-bases Operator. 
```

> **Example**
> 
> The example below has ```--tags``` as the arbitrary command-line argument. Tags allow a playbook to run a specific part of the configuration without running the whole playbook. The aribtrary argument is specified as: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
nit -. use shell

operator-sdk run local --ansible-args='--tags "configuration,packages"'
```
```
operator-sdk run local --ansible-args='--skip-tags "notification"'

> ```

Reviewer: the run local also will be removed so we need to describe it with the bin instead of run local.

Ansible-runner will perform the task relevant to the command specified by the user in the ```---ansible-args``` flag.

> ## Support for Ansible-Vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Ansible-Vault
```

> The ```ansible-args``` flag also support the use of ```ansible-vault``` for file password storage, encryption, decryption, etc. Users can specify the password file as an aribitrary argument under the ```--ansible-args``` flag and have the operator perform the encryption/decryption. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ansible Vault][ansible-vault-doc] allows you to keep sensitive data such as passwords or keys in encrypted files, rather than as plaintext in playbooks or roles. You can specify Ansible-Vault file via an arbitrary argument by using the flag `--ansible-args`: 
```

> Let us assume that a playbook reads in a file ```vars.yml``` which contains an encrypted text and stores it in a variable ```secret```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
---
- name: Playbook to print debug messages
  gather_facts: false
  hosts: localhost
  tasks:
    - name: Get the decrypted message variable
      include_vars:
        file: vars.yml
        name: secret
    - debug:
        msg: The decrypted value is {{secret.the_secret}}
```

> Let us also assume we have a password file ```pwd.yml``` that contains the password to decrypt the encrypted text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's also assume that we have a password file, `pwd.yml`, that contains the password to decrypt the encrypted text:
```

By running the command ```operator-sdk run local --ansible-args='--vault-password-file pwd.yml'``` the operator will read in the encrypted text from the file and perform a decryption using the password stored in the pwd.yml file.
```
--------------------------- Ansible Task StdOut -------------------------------

 TASK [debug] ******************************** 
ok: [localhost] => {
    "msg": "The decrypted value is DECRYPTED-TEST-VALUE"
}

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ansible-vault-doc]: https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/vault.html
```

## Passing Arbitrary Arguments to Ansible

> You are able to use the flag `--ansible-args` to pass an arbitrary argument to the Ansible-based Operator. With this option we can, for example, allow a playbook to run a specific part of the configuration without running the whole playbook:  

Reviewer 2: A second thought on this ... The so called `--ansible-args` are actually the arguments to be passed to `ansible-runner` rather than `ansible` or `ansible-playbook`. This means we can pass anything below using this new flag:

```
usage: ansible-runner [-h] [--version] [-p PLAYBOOK | -m MODULE | -r ROLE]
                      [--debug] [--logfile LOGFILE] [-b BINARY] [-i IDENT]
                      [--rotate-artifacts ROTATE_ARTIFACTS]
                      [--artifact-dir ARTIFACT_DIR]
                      [--project-dir PROJECT_DIR] [--inventory INVENTORY] [-j]
                      [--omit-event-data] [--only-failed-event-data] [-q] [-v]
                      [--limit LIMIT] [--cmdline CMDLINE] [--hosts HOSTS]
                      [--forks FORKS] [--roles-path ROLES_PATH]
                      [--role-vars ROLE_VARS] [--role-skip-facts]
                      [-a MODULE_ARGS] [--process-isolation]
                      [--process-isolation-executable PROCESS_ISOLATION_EXECUTABLE]
                      [--process-isolation-path PROCESS_ISOLATION_PATH]
                      [--process-isolation-hide-paths [PROCESS_ISOLATION_HIDE_PATHS [PROCESS_ISOLATION_HIDE_PATHS ...]]]
                      [--process-isolation-show-paths [PROCESS_ISOLATION_SHOW_PATHS [PROCESS_ISOLATION_SHOW_PATHS ...]]]
                      [--process-isolation-ro-paths [PROCESS_ISOLATION_RO_PATHS [PROCESS_ISOLATION_RO_PATHS ...]]]
                      [--directory-isolation-base-path DIRECTORY_ISOLATION_BASE_PATH]
                      [--resource-profiling]
                      [--resource-profiling-base-cgroup RESOURCE_PROFILING_BASE_CGROUP]
                      [--resource-profiling-cpu-poll-interval RESOURCE_PROFILING_CPU_POLL_INTERVAL]
                      [--resource-profiling-memory-poll-interval RESOURCE_PROFILING_MEMORY_POLL_INTERVAL]
                      [--resource-profiling-pid-poll-interval RESOURCE_PROFILING_PID_POLL_INTERVAL]
                      [--resource-profiling-results-dir RESOURCE_PROFILING_RESULTS_DIR]
                      COMMAND private_data_dir
```

It would be awkward if we later want to pass more arguments to `ansible` if we call this flag `--ansible-args`. Not quite sure will be exposing the `--cmdline CMDLINE` someday or even we do have such use cases. However, just for avoiding confusion, would it be better to call this as `--runner-args`?

Reviewer 3: These are actually arguments to ansible, not runner

Reviewer 3: They are written to the `env/cmdline` directory and then ansible-runner passes them to the `ansible` command that it runs

Reviewer 2: Ah, didn't read the code carefully. That solves my concern. Thank you, @fabianvf .
